DOCSP-39174 Add Restart Task Substep to Windows Instructions (#131)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/includes/fact-restart-migrator-oracle-mysql-drivers.rst

.. note::

>    If you started Relational Migrator before copying the driver files 

Reviewer: [suggestion] we could probably make this present tense

```suggestion
   If you start Relational Migrator before you copy the driver files 
```
